[ Zoot snoring ]
Hmm?
Zoot?
Whoa, sorry, Father.
W-What are you doing here
this early?
Oh, I tried to leave
last night,
but the sign said
"Fire Door."
I didn't want to risk it.
Hmm?
Hey, why are you here?
Well, I-I'm getting set for
a visit from my nephew Robin.
Yep, see here?
Check this out -- Got him
his own director's chair.
Huh, sweet.
Yeah.
You know,
his parents split up this year,
and I, uh, think
he could really use a good time.
Cool.
Nothing fixes a broken home
like a chair.
Scooter, I can't believe
all these snacks are free!
Oh, yeah, yeah.
This is where I do
all my grocery shopping.
I'm gonna start
with the sweet,
and then I'm gonna go
with the salty.
Oh, here we are.
Gee.
Where's Uncle Kermit?
I don't know.
He was here a second ago.
Whaah!
Aah!
Aha! Gotcha!
Whoa, Monday fun times!
Whoops. Sorry, I didn't mean
to cuss in front of a child.
Oh, come here, Robin.
Oh! Uncle Kermit!
Aww, it's so good
to have you here.
Yeah.
Come on in.
I'll get this, Robin.
You got that, Scooter?
Okay, good.
Thanks, Scooter.
Oh.
Wow.
I sure do love coming
to your set, Uncle Kermit.
Yeah?
Oh, look at your office.
It's so huge!
Oh, wow!
Uh, yeah.
Look at this chair!
[ Grunts ]
I can't wait to hang out
with you and Miss Piggy!
Whoa!
Oop!
Well, it's gonna be a little bit
of a different trip for Robin
since Piggy and I are broken up.
Uh, Robin and Piggy have
developed a-a special friendship
over the last couple years.
But I've got some fun stuff
planned for just us guys.
And we can finally
go out for barbecue
with a clear conscience.
Ooh!
Hey, Robin.
Robin: Hmm?
Listen, I'm not sure
Miss Piggy's gonna be able
to hang out this trip.
Why not?
Well...
Oh, I know.
I-I mean, I saw in one of those
grocery-store magazines
that you guys broke up.
But, uh, Mom told me
that those tabloids
are just filled with lies,
like Princess Diana's ghost
did not marry that alien.
They're just
living together.
Uh, yeah.
Well, that --
'Cause the only thing that got
me through last year [grunts]
was knowing that you two
are still together.
The only -- the only thing,
you say?
Yeah, well,
that and the doctor telling me
you can go through
a growth spurt in your 30s.
[ Sighs ]
Hey, Robin, are you okay?
Uh, sure, Uncle Kermit.
Yeah?
I mean, it's been tough,
yeah.
Yeah.
You know,
my Chewbacca action figure
got left on the dashboard
and his head melted?
Oh, well, that -- that --
that's rough, too.
Yeah.
Oh.
I'm sorry, Uncle Kermit.
What were you saying
about Miss Piggy?
You see, Robin, it's just
that Piggy and I --
Miss Piggy: Robin!
Welcome back!
Whoa!
Kermit: Whoa!
Oh, man.
Miss Piggy.
Scooter!
What the heck are
you doing on the floor?!
Picking up my snacks!
You nearly broke my neck!
Miss Piggy, are you okay?
There's never snacks --
Look what you're do--
I am fine...
now that you're here.
Aww, gee.
Oh, this is for you.
Oh, gee,
thanks, Miss Piggy.
You're welcome.
How are you?
I am wonderful.
I went down to Argentina,
and realized
you don't need a man --
Y-you don't need a-a man
because --
well, because you have a frog,
right?
What?
Pucker up, Piggy!
Whoa. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
Oh, of course. You're right.
We -- We --
We shouldn't do this in here.
We should do it outside!
What?!
Okay, Robin.
Just make yourself at home.
What is happening?
We'll be right back!
Whoa, a pashmina that says
"People's Choice Awards"...
and a do-it-yourself
waxing kit?
Miss Piggy: I couldn't get
to the store!
Thank you!
♪♪
[ Ding ]
♪ Ooh! ♪
Yeah!
♪ Unh! ♪
Oh, Kermie!
Oh. It's time to
get things started.
Ha ha ha!
Robin's divorced father's head
melted on his dashboard?
Shh! Shh! Shh!
That's horrible!
Piggy, you really have to listen
to all the words.
Uh, look, I-I don't know
what I was thinking in there.
I-It's just, for a second,
it seemed like a good idea
to pretend we were
still together again
just -- just for his sake.
What?
But I'm sorry.
It's a bad idea.
I'll just --
No, I'll just go tell him.
No, no, no, no, no.
I-I-I get it.
And I might be able
to agree to that.
[ Sighs ]
For his sake.
Just for a day.
But what about
your child-bride girlfriend?
Won't she get mad
and uninvite you to prom?
[ Laughs ]
[ Sighs ]
Well, the tr-- the truth is
that actually, uh, we --
Denise broke up with me.
What?!
Shh! Shh! Shh!
Shh, shh!
I had no idea!
I-I-I'm so sorry.
Yeah, yeah,
well, it's fine.
I'm worried about Robin.
He's watching us!
Hug me!
Oop! Aah!
Uh, uh, thanks, Piggy.
Um, should probably get
those waxing instructions
away from Robin.
They're [Whispering]
kind of explicit.
[ Whispering ] Uh, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Uh,
and we'll talk later.
Oh, no, no.
Robin, don't eat that!
[ Sighs ]
Oh, good morning.
Hola.
Hey, listen, I used
a little bit of your hair gel.
I hope that's okay.
What? No.
The Latin Miracle Gel
is for thick, spicy hair
like mine.
On you,
i-it will clump and get sticky.
Oh, yeah. I think I'm stuck
to my box of cornflakes.
[ Laughs ]
Oh, come on!
This is nuts!
[ Sitar music playing ]
Wait.
Shh, shh, shh, shh, shh!
What is that --
What is that music?
What the...
What?
[ Music continues ]
What is that?
[ Inhales deeply ]
[ Clucking ]
They look like
they're stuck together.
[ Both sigh ]
Maybe he used
some of your hair gel.
No, no, no.
It's the couples' yoga.
A-A beautiful thing
between a man and a woman,
but really weird
between your blue roommate
and a chicken.
[ Shudders ]
Things have
really changed here
since Camilla moved in.
Boy, that's for sure.
She was living it up in Vegas
as a showgirl.
Sí.
I heard she dated
the tiger that ate Roy.
Yeah,
which is pretty risky,
'cause he had
a gambling problem.
It's a disease.
Yeah.
[ Grunts ] Aah!
Wha...
Ah, nuts.
[ Sighs ]
Unbelievable.
I'm gonna make an omelet.
You want some?
I don't know.
It just seems like
eating eggs these days
is so confrontational.
Sí.
You know, Camilla really
messed things up for us.
I think she said something
about staying home tonight
to watch
"Chicken Run" again.
Eh, who can tell?
It's just a series of "bawks."
Yeah.
Hey, don't mind me, fellas.
I accidentally just slipped and
kneed Camilla in the dark meat.
I got to get some ice.
Hey, Gonzo, are you coming
to the bar tonight?
Oh, sorry, guys,
but Camilla wants to stay home
and watch "Logan's Run."
[ Door opens ]
Ah, "Logan's Run."
[ Door closes ]
[ Sighs ]
Make mine a Denver!
[ Gasps ] You got it.
[ Laughs ]
[ Grunting ]
All: Go, go, go, go!
[ Barking ]
[ Fozzie grunts ]
Yeah!
[ All groaning ]
Aw, so close.
[ Foo Foo barking ]
Okay, okay.
This one's
for the championship.
All right, and...
[ Barking continues ]
All: Yay!
Ohh!
Foo Foo!
He got the ball.
He's happy.
[ Rizzo sighs ]
Morning, everybody.
[ Scattered greetings ]
Uh, listen, guys. I have
a-a favor to ask of everybody.
Um, my nephew Robin
is visiting.
And, uh, he's kind of having
a rough time at home right now,
so if there's any way
you guys could just act
like Piggy and I
are still together,
just until I have the right time
to break the news to him,
I'd appreciate it.
Act? Yes!
That would be fantastic!
It'll be a good chance for me
to practice my acting.
Mm-hmm.
Uh, like this.
[ Clears throat ]
Luke, I am your father.
I'll have
what's she's having.
You had me at hello!
Eh? Eh?
What do you think?
Uh...
Pepe: Uh, okay.
I'm gonna make you
an offer you can't refuse.
Stop it.
[ Laughter ]
Uh, hey, listen, Kermit?
Oh, yeah?
I want to help,
but I just can't lie.
I break out in hives,
and then I have to say
I'm allergic to strawberries,
which makes it worse,
because I love strawberries.
Okay, well, don't lie.
How about this?
Scooter,
Piggy and I are back together.
[ Gasps ]
I knew it!
I sensed some romance
when Piggy face-planted
in your office this morning.
Yes, yes, love won out.
Mm-hmm.
So, everybody, look,
if you don't think you can
do this, I understand.
Just steer clear of Robin,
okay?
Okay.
Uh, hey, everybody!
[ All stammering ]
Carl: Hide me!
Uh, anything
but vegetarian chili.
Okeydokey.
Okay.
Kermit,
here's my cellphone.
If Leonardo DiCaprio calls
while I'm in the monologue,
pull the fire alarm.
My agent's trying
to set us up on a date.
You're going on a date?
A date...
...ton, Ohio,
charity trip.
Yes, yes, yes.
[ Exhales sharply ]
That city needs our help,
'cause --
'cause it's, uh,
in Ohio.
Mm-hmm.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Sighs ]
Somehow, we've managed
to keep the secret from Robin
all afternoon.
My co-workers?
Well, they're doing
the best they can.
Den de fur
is datin de froggen.
No!
Issa fur de piggen!
Mm, mm, mm!
Chef!
I can't understand
a word this guy says.
[ Slurping ]
Thank goodness.
This is
the third-least-important secret
I'm currently keeping.
[ Laughter ]
And now for Round 2
of "Friendly Feud."
Team Electric Mayhem,
we polled six people and asked,
"What is the most popular flavor
of iced cream?"
Ooh.
Here is a hint.
You were the six people
we asked.
[ Laughter ]
Oh.
Most popular flavor
of iced cream.
Janice?
Um,
I try not to eat ice cream,
because I think it's mean
that they keep cows
in a freezer.
[ Laughter ]
Cows are lab experiments
by the government.
That's why there were no cows
before 1972.
Mm-hmm.
I challenge you to find me
a cow born before 1972.
No, just say
a flavor of iced cream.
Rhymes with "schmanilla."
Uh...leather!
Schpatachio!
Woman!
Good answer.
No,
it is not a good answer!
The correct answer
is vanilla!
Oh.
The capital
of the Philippines?
[ Laughter ]
Oh, goody.
Nine more questions.
Hey, Pepe, you know,
now that we lost Gonzo,
we got to find
a new wingman.
I mean, if it's just two of us,
it's awkward.
Sí, sí, because two people
is a couple
or the surviving members
of an aging rock band.
Three -- that's a posse.
Maybe what we're looking for
is right here under our noses.
Oh,
I-I don't have a nose.
I smell through
a hole in my knee.
Ew.
B-But I get it.
Let's look around.
[ Car dinging ]
Good night, guys!
Robin:
Well, gee, Uncle Kermit,
people were acting
kind of weird today.
And no one
really talked to me.
Oh, that's great.
Uh, I-I mean, uh,
everybody's just exhausted
from working so hard.
After party at Rowlf's.
No plus-ones.
This is my time.
Ooh, that sounds like fun,
Uncle Kermit!
Uh, listen, how about
we go play laser tag instead?
Oh, that sounds great!
Good.
Hey, guys, you want to come
play laser tag?
No, no, no, Robin.
Uh, they're all busy
and have fulfilling lives!
Well, I don't.
My fish died.
I hugged him too much.
I'm available.
It's one of Becky's
five quiet nights a week.
Yeah,
and if I stay home tonight,
I've got to watch my mom and Ken
practice active listening.
Robin:
Ooh, hey, Miss Piggy!
You're coming to laser tag,
right?
[ Chuckling ] Oh, sweetie,
the only thing I use lasers for
is burning weird things
off my body.
I don't think
tag is for me.
[ Lasers firing ]
Fear me!
Oh, no!
We need backup!
They're everywhere!
[ Whimpering ]
Okay, go, go, go, go!
Okay, Robin.
We've got Viking Family.
Robin: Okay.
You go for Red-Headed Kid.
Oh, but he's already out.
Oh, please.
He's got
an "I Love Canada" hat on.
Light him up.
Okay.
Let's go, let's go!
Aah!
[ Lasers firing ]
You know, I did not expect
to like laser tag.
Yeah?
But for somebody like me, who
bottles up all of her emotions,
this feels really good.
[ Laughs ]
Hey, are you Miss Piggy?
Hyah!
[ Laughs ]
Uh...
Uh, well, never meet
your heroes, you know?
Yes!
Sorry.
Ohh!
Oh, that was close!
Oh, hey, you!
I'm so glad
you guys are back together.
What do you mean,
"back together"?
[ Lasers firing ]
Hey, I'm on your team.
Oh, sorry.
Must have slipped.
Yeah.
Hey, look,
a news crew's here!
What?
Oh, no.
Yeah, they must have seen
my tweets
about you guys
being back together.
I got a ton
of new followers.
It's gonna drive
so much traffic
to my Pinterest page
on miniature horses!
Guys?
Hey, where'd they go?
Oh, gee,
I don't know.
-There they are!
-Get them!
Aah!
Rizzo: Okay, fellas.
Congratulations
on being selected
as the top three contenders
in our wingman search.
Sí, sí. It means you
are the best from
the pool of candidates.
Mm-hmm.
A very small pool.
Yeah.
Like a thimble
left out in the rain.
Well, I'm the obvious choice
for wingman,
because I have wings.
And my condo has a roof deck
made of twigs and my saliva.
Ew.
Well,
I'm just glad to be here.
I've been
warming up to this
by switching my GPS voice
to a woman.
Sometimes I make a wrong turn
and we laugh.
[ Laughs ]
Oh. Oh, good Lord.
Aah!
[ Munches ]
Okay, guys, listen up.
The winner
of this wingman challenge
is the one of you who can charm
those three ladies over there
into hanging out
with me and Pepe.
Wait a minute.
That's Lara Spencer
from "Good Morning America"!
No, really?
What? No.
Can't be.
That's her?
I had no idea.
Pepe's been flirting with her
for a while,
but he ain't
sealed the deal.
Sí, sí.
Lara sends me
flirty tweets,
and I send her pictures
of me sailing around
the world on my yacht.
Yeah, right.
He gets in a toy boat
in the bathtub
and Photoshops
the background.
[ Laughs ]
Hey, come on.
I get 30 minutes
in the bathroom,
and what I do with it
is my own business.
Okay, okay.
Here they go.
Why is Chip
chewing on ice?
You know he always
gets the brain freeze.
Oh, no.
[ Wheezes ]
[ Laughs ]
Oh, my God.
[ Groans ]
Hey, Spencer,
I ain't shaving nothing.
Let's get that
out of the way.
[ Burps ]
[ Foo Foo whimpering ]
This is a disaster.
Pepe:
Ugh. I need a drink.
Chip: Did you see my wallet
in there?
Mm.
[ Sucks ]
Carl: There you go.
You like wet puppies, Lara?
Ahh!
Whoo!
[ Lasers firing ]
Are the reporters
still there?
Get down!
[ Both breathing heavily ]
Hey, Piggy?
You know
what this reminds me of?
T-That time
you accidentally performed
for that dictator's
birthday party.
[ Chuckles ]
Oh, yeah. Yeah.
We ended up hiding
in his pile of stolen art.
Yeah.
There was
that populist uprising,
and we found
that great ceviche.
Oh, yeah.
It was fantastic.
Mmm. Mmm!
Wow, that was wonderful.
Yeah.
You know, if there was
anything left of that city,
I'd go back in a second.
Hmm.
Uh [chuckles]
Uh [clears throat]
well...
I-I, uh --
I don't really see anybody.
I think the press
might have left.
Kermit: We should, uh...
Stay low, Scooter.
Yeah.
Come on.
We -- We should probably go
find Robin and get out of here.
Yeah, that sounds right.
Let's do that.
Kermit, Piggy, we hear
that you're back together.
Is that true?
Uh...
The world
wants to know.
Is it?
Uh, no.
I-It was
a misunderstanding.
Yeah,
just a mistake.
[ Gasps ]
Oh.
Oh, Robin,
I-I-I am so sorry.
Robin, we didn't --
we did-- we did--
[ Both sigh ]
No!
You've made me the first person
in the world to lie on Twitter!
Robin!
Robin?
Robin,
where -- where are you?
Robin?
Robin, sweethe--
Oh, boy.
Come down, and I'll give you
my Academy Awards gift bag.
Does that one have candy?
Oh, sweetheart, that was gone
by the car ride home.
Uh, Robin,
we are so sorry.
You know, we shouldn't have
kept the truth from you.
It's just that, with everything
you've been through,
we just wanted you
to have a nice visit.
You know, I'm sad that
my mom and dad broke up,
but I get
why they aren't together.
Oh?
My mom likes quiet nights in,
and my dad likes my teacher.
Oh. You really grew up a lot
this year.
But you guys...
You guys are meant to be.
Oh, Robin.
I mean, I know you fight,
but come on, everyone knows
you belong together.
No, no, we don't.
We really don't.
No, no, not at all.
It's hard to understand
if you're not an adult.
Mm.
I-I just don't like
that everything's changing.
Well, I-I mean,
not everything.
You know, y-you'll always
come to hang out with us,
and, uh, Piggy and I
are still friends.
Yeah.
And, uh, hey, I-I'll always be
your Uncle Kermit.
And I'll always be
your...Aunt Miss Piggy.
Aww.
Gee, I can call you Aunt Piggy?
Really?
You can call me
Aunt Miss Piggy.
[ Both chuckle ]
And any time
you're a little down,
just turn on your TV,
and I'll be there.
Unless it's a rerun
or the Summer Olympics are on.
[ Kermit and Robin chuckle ]
That does
kind of make me feel better.
Uh, thanks...
Aunt Miss Piggy.
[ Sighs ]
Yeah, thanks.
[ Loudly ] You know...
[ Both scream ]
Oh, dear me!
...I had a feeling
that something was up
when Fozzie said Kermit
and Piggy are broken up
and then whispered,
"I see dead people."
Mnh.
Now, come on, everybody.
Let's go
get three milkshakes.
[ Gasps ]
And whatever
you guys want.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Sighs ]
Bawk.
Huh?
Really?
Buk.
Well,
I do miss Pepe and Rizzo.
And I would like to have
a night out with them.
Mm.
Aww, Camilla, thank you so much
for understanding.
Bawk.
[ Mid-tempo music playing ]
[ Slurred ] Y-You know,
m-maybe I will become a priest.
What?
Sí, really, really.
It's just another kind
of turtleneck.
[ Sighs ]
You know what?
I miss Gonzo.
Hey, remember
our trip to New York,
when he impressed
those broads
by bungee-jumping off the
Brooklyn Bridge with plain rope?
[ Both laugh ]
He didn't even know
what bungee jumping was!
Sí, sí.
He's so stupid.
Ahh.
I-I love him.
I love him.
Yeah, yeah.
Hey, guys, I think
your friends are leaving
with those three ladies.
What?
Lara, Lara, Lara,
where are you going?!
Oh, these guys
are hysterical.
I'm taking them to karaoke
on my party bus.
W-what?
Pepe, a word of advice.
Love the bathtub photos,
but eventually you do need
to take a lady on a date.
[ Smooches ]
Aw.
What?!
What -- What is hap--
What happened?
Oh, you know,
you don't expect somebody
who does news reports about
dresses you can swim in
to have a party bus.
Gonzo: Hey, guys,
you mind if I join you?
Gonzo!
Oh!
Ha ha!
Hey, hey, I love you!
I love you!
Oh, Pepe, good to see you.
I love you.
Hey, Gonzo,
what are you doing here?
Sí, sí.
Don't -- Don't you and Camilla
have a couples' cooking class
to sign up for and never go to?
[ Both laugh ]
Well, just because
I'm with Camilla
doesn't mean
we can't still hang out.
Aw.
She can even help you
find some ladies.
She has
really cute friends.
Oh, well,
that's sweet and all,
but what do you say
we just make this a boys night?
Sí.
Huh?
No, no,
we love the Gonzos.
Uh, but we're not so into
the chicken thing.
No, no, no, no.
Now, look, I don't want --
Right?
Am I right?
You're right.
You're not wrong.
You are not wrong.
No.
I just don't want to date
no girl I could eat.
That's why
I don't date snails
or anybody who smells
like street pizza.
[ Laughs ]
Tha-- That's why
you don't date -- date snails?
Well,
they're also slimy,
and they don't reciprocate
the emotional stuff.
[ Laughs ]
[ Slow-tempo music plays ]
[ Slurping ]
[ Sighs ]
Whoa,
go easy there, Scooter.
I'll go easy
when life does.
Hmm?
Uh, that music's not helping,
Rowlf.
Hey, I found out
I got worms.
This is just where I am
right now.
[ Both slurping ]
Ahh.
Mmm.
May I?
Hmm?
Oh, sure.
Piggy, why is it
everybody is so obsessed
with us
getting back together?
Beats me.
But I don't know if we'll ever
stop hearing about it.
Yeah, I doubt it.
I mean, we have
amazing chemistry onstage.
That's undeniable.
Oh, no doubt.
That is true.
And I think that's
probably part of it, you know?
But, you know,
the other thing is,
I always hear
for anything to last this long,
there's obviously
something there.
Something there.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Sighs ]
Right.
Hmm.
[ "As Time Goes By" plays ]
Oh.
Oh, no, please.
No, no, you.
No, you have it.
It's fine.
Okay.
That's fine.
♪ You must remember this ♪
♪ A kiss is still a kiss ♪
Not helping!
♪ A sigh is just a sigh ♪
[ Clucking sadly ]
Oh, no.
Gonzo's friends
aren't coming over.
They're the only reason
I put on clothes today.
Today's my naked day.
Hmm.
Now what are we gonna do?
Let's have
an ironic pillow fight,
like in all those movies
made by men.
Ooh.
Yeah.
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Uh-huh, yeah ♪
♪ Uh-huh ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Uh-huh, yeah ♪
♪ Uh-huh ♪
[ Both laugh ]
Wait, these pillows
feel like memory foam.
So where are all these feathers
coming from?
Oh.
Bawk!
Oh!